Update hospital-admissions.md for claims-only signal (#228)
cmu-delphi/delphi-epidata: docs/api/covidcast-signals/hospital-admissions.md

| Signal | Description |
| --- | --- |

> | `smoothed_covid19` | Estimated percentage of new hospital admissions with COVID-associated diagnoses, based on electronic medical record and claims data from health system partners, smoothed in time using a Gaussian linear smoother. _This signal is deprecated as of 1 October, 2020._  |
> | `smoothed_adj_covid19` | Same as `smoothed_covid19`, but with systematic day-of-week effects removed using [the same mechanism as in `doctor-visits`](doctor-visits.md#day-of-week-adjustment). _This signal is deprecated as of 1 October, 2020._ |

Reviewer: Best to be explicit:

```suggestion
| `smoothed_covid19` | Estimated percentage of new hospital admissions with COVID-associated diagnoses, based on electronic medical record and claims data from health system partners, smoothed in time using a Gaussian linear smoother. _This signal is no longer updated as of 1 October, 2020._  |
| `smoothed_adj_covid19` | Same as `smoothed_covid19`, but with systematic day-of-week effects removed using [the same mechanism as in `doctor-visits`](doctor-visits.md#day-of-week-adjustment). _This signal is no longer updated as of 1 October, 2020._ |
```

\widehat{\text{se}}(\hat{p}_{it}) = 100 \sqrt{\frac{\frac{\hat{p}_{it}}{100}(1-\frac{\hat{p}_{it}}{100})}{N_{it}}}.
$$

> #### Data Streams

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Data Streams
```
